Key,Source,Context,English

bookDeadEyeJT,items,Item,Book: Dead Eye
bookDemolitionsExpertJT,items,Item,Book: Demolitions Expert
bookJavelinMasterJT,items,Item,Book: Javelin Master
bookLockPickingJT,items,Item,Book: Dead
bookInfiltratorJT,items,Item,Book: Lock Picking
bookAnimalTrackerJT,items,Item,Book: Animal Tracker
bookPenetratorJT,items,Item,Book: Penetrator
bookLuckyLooterJT,items,Item,Book: Lucky Looter
bookTreasureHunterJT,items,Item,Book: Treasure Hunter
bookSalvageOperationsJT,items,Item,Book: Salvage Operations
bookBoomstickJT,items,Item,Book: Boomstick
bookPummelPeteJT,items,Item,Book: Pummel Pete
bookSkullCrusherJT,items,Item,Book: Skull Crusher
bookSexualTrexJT,items,Item,Book: Sexual Trex
bookHeavyArmorJT,items,Item,Book: Heavy Armor
bookPackMuleJT,items,Item,Book: Pack Mule
bookMasterChefJT,items,Item,Book: Master Chef
bookMiner69rJT,items,Item,Book: Miner 69r
bookMotherLodeJT,items,Item,Book: Mother Lode
bookBrawlerJT,items,Item,Book: Brawler
bookMachineGunnerJT,items,Item,Book: Machine Gunner
bookTheHuntsmanJT,items,Item,Book: The Huntsman
bookWellInsulatedJT,items,Item,Book: Well Insulated
bookLivingOffTheLandJT,items,Item,Book: Living Off The Land
bookPainToleranceJT,items,Item,Book: Pain Tolerance
bookHealingFactorJT,items,Item,Book: Healing Factor
bookSlowMetabolismJT,items,Item,Book: Slow Metabolism
bookRuleOneCardioJT,items,Item,Book: Rule One Cardio
bookArcheryJT,items,Item,Book: Archery
bookGunslingerJT,items,Item,Book: Gunslinger
bookDeepCutsJT,items,Item,Book: Deep Cuts
bookRunAndGunJT,items,Item,Book: Run And Gun
bookFlurryOfBlowsJT,items,Item,Book: Flurry Of Blows
bookLightArmorJT,items,Item,Book: Light Armor
bookParkourJT,items,Item,Book: Parkour
bookHiddenStrikeJT,items,Item,Book: Hidden Strike
bookFromTheShadowsJT,items,Item,Book: From The Shadows
bookElectrocutionerJT,items,Item,Book: Electrocutioner
bookTurretsJT,items,Item,Book: Turrets
bookBetterBarterJT,items,Item,Book: Better Barter
bookDaringAdventurerJT,items,Item,Book: Daring Adventurer
bookCharismaticNatureJT,items,Item,Book: Charismatic Nature
bookPhysicianJT,items,Item,Book: Physician
bookAdvancedEngineeringJT,items,Item,Book: Advanced Engineering
bookGreaseMonkeyJT,items,Item,Book: Grease Monkey

scavengerPerkBookDesc,items,Item,Book: Reading this book will grant you one level in the named perk.